Clarify Airflow variable usage on Astro (#1861)
astronomer/docs: astro/environment-variables.md

- Integrate with Datadog or other third-party tooling to [export Deployment metrics](deployment-metrics.md#export-airflow-metrics-to-datadog).
- Set [Airflow configurations](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html?), such as default timezone and maximum active runs per DAG.

> You can use Astro environment variables to configure the same keys and values that you would configure as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html). However, Astro environment variables are stored and managed differently than Airflow variables. See [How environment variables are stored on Astro](#how-environment-variables-are-stored-on-astro).

Reviewer: IMO this isn't telling the reader much but "read this other doc to understand". I would rephrase to say they're stored as env vars and refer to the other doc for more info. For example:

```suggestion
You can use Astro variables to configure the same keys and values that you would configure as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html). However, Astro variables are exposed as environment variables and managed differently than Airflow variables. For more information, see [How environment variables are stored on Astro](#how-environment-variables-are-stored-on-astro).
```

> You can use Astro variables to configure the same keys and values that you would configure as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html). However, Astro variables are exposed as environment variables and managed differently than Airflow variables. For more information, see [How environment variables are stored on Astro](#how-environment-variables-are-stored-on-astro).

Author: ```suggestion
You can use environment variables to configure the same keys and values that you would configure as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html). However, Astro variables are exposed as environment variables and managed differently than Airflow variables. For more information, see [How environment variables are stored on Astro](#how-environment-variables-are-stored-on-astro).
```
Replace Astro with "environment"

> You can use environment variables to configure the same keys and values that you would configure as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html). However, environment variables are exposed as environment variables and managed differently than Airflow variables. For more information, see [How environment variables are stored on Astro](#how-environment-variables-are-stored-on-astro).

Author: ```suggestion
You can use environment variables to configure the same keys and values that you would configure as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html). However, the variables that you configure in Astro are exposed as environment variables and managed differently than Airflow variables. For more information, see [How environment variables are stored on Astro](#how-environment-variables-are-stored-on-astro).
```

> You can use Astro variables to configure the same keys and values that you would configure as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html). However, Astro variables are exposed as cluster level environment variables and managed differently than Airflow variables. For more information, see [How environment variables are stored on Astro](#how-environment-variables-are-stored-on-astro).

Author: ```suggestion
You can use Astro variables to configure the same keys and values that you would configure as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html). However, Astro variables are exposed as environment variables and managed differently than Airflow variables. For more information, see [How environment variables are stored on Astro](#how-environment-variables-are-stored-on-astro).
```

### Airflow variables

> Use environment variables to store values you would normally store as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html) to have better control of custom values and configurations. To fetch a Deployment environment variable value from a DAG, you must format the variable key as `AIRFLOW_VAR_<VAR_NAME>`.

Author: ```suggestion
Use environment variables to store values you would normally store as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html). This gives you better control and security of custom values. To fetch a Deployment environment variable value from a DAG, you must format the variable key as `AIRFLOW_VAR_<VAR_NAME>`.
```

> Use Astro environment variables to store values you would normally store as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html) to have better control of custom values and configurations. To fetch a Deployment environment variable value from a DAG, you must format the variable key as `AIRFLOW_VAR_<VAR_NAME>`.

Author: ```suggestion
Use environment variables to store values you would normally store as [Airflow variables](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/index.html) to have better control of custom values and configurations. To fetch a Deployment environment variable value from a DAG, you must format the variable key as `AIRFLOW_VAR_<VAR_NAME>`.
```

For example, consider the following Airflow variable:

- Variable name: `My_Var`
- Value: `2`

To store this Airflow variable as an environment variable, you create an environment variable with the key `AIRFLOW_VAR_MY_VAR` and the value `2`.

> You can then use the following Python functions to fetch the variable value in the top level of your DAG code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can then use the following Python functions in the top level of your DAG code to fetch the variable value:
```

> - `Variable.get('<VAR_NAME>')`: This method is more secure for fetching secret values. However, this method can inhibit performance because it makes a request Airflow metadata database every time your DAGs are parsed, which can occur every 30 seconds. See [DAG writing best practices](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/dag-best-practices#avoid-top-level-code-in-your-dag-file) for more information about avoiding repeated requests in top level code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Variable.get('<VAR_NAME>')`: This method is more secure for fetching secret values. However, this method can affect performance because it makes a request to the Airflow metadata database every time your DAGs are parsed, which can occur every 30 seconds. See [DAG writing best practices](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/dag-best-practices#avoid-top-level-code-in-your-dag-file) for more information about avoiding repeated requests in top level code.
```

- `os.getenv('AIRFLOW_VAR_<VAR_NAME>','<default-value>')`: This method is faster because it reduces the number of Airflow metadata database requests. However, it's less secure. Astronomer does not recommend using `os.getenv` with secret values because calling these values with the function can print them to your logs. 

>     Replace `default_value` a default value to use if Airflow can't find the environment variable. Typically, this is the value you defined for the environment variable in the Cloud UI. 

Author: ```suggestion
    Replace `<default_value>` with a default value to use if Airflow can't find the environment variable. Typically, this is the value you defined for the environment variable in the Cloud UI. 
```
